README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<!-- # Hello. I'm Josh. -->

# :wave: Welcome

Hey there! I'm Josh, a developer & explorer. I most commonly use Java & TypeScript.

[![Website icon]][Website]
[![Contact icon]][Contact]
[![Archive icon]][Archive]

### 🍪 Buy me a cookie

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/tycrek)

</div>

## :gem: Showcase

- **[totems.me]** is a small service I built to generate custom Minecraft Totem's of Undying, based off your in-game skin.
- **[ass]** is a ShareX upload server. Hard to explain, but they're popular on Discord.
- **[pagery]** is my custom static site generator. The stack is quite niche but it works great for me.
- **[port.quest]** is pretty simple: a random number generator, specifically for port numbers. Even more specifically, ports in the [registered port range][ports]. It runs with Cloudflare Workers.
- ***And so much more***: See my [pinned repositories below][pins], tab over to my currently active [repositories], or check out my [archive].

## :book: Stats

[![tycrek's GitHub stats]][stats repo]

[![Top Langs]][stats repo]

[![GitHub Streak]][streaks]

## :trophy: Trophies

[![trophies]][trophy repo]

###### Pins

<!---- Links ---->
<!-- Header -->
[Website]: https://jmoore.dev/
[Contact]: https://tycrek.com/
[Archive]: https://github.com/tycrek-archive
[Website icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-EC407A
[Contact icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Contact-D81B60
[Archive icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Archive-AD1457
<!-- Showcase -->
[totems.me]: https://totems.me
[ass]: https://github.com/tycrek/ass
[pagery]: https://github.com/tycrek/pagery
[port.quest]: https://port.quest/
[ports]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Registered_port
[repositories]: https://github.com/tycrek?tab=repositories&q=&sort=stargazers
[pins]: #pins
<!-- Stats & trophies -->
[tycrek's GitHub stats]: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tycrek&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&custom_title=tycrek%27s%20GitHub%20Stats
[Top Langs]: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tycrek&langs_count=10&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&card_width=445
[GitHub Streak]: https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=tycrek&theme=dracula&hide_border=true
[streaks]: https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats
[stats repo]: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats
[trophies]: https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=tycrek&theme=dracula&title=Stars,Commit,Issues,Followers,PullRequest,Repositories&margin-w=10&margin-h=10&row=2&column=3&no-frame=true
[trophy repo]: https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy
<!-- Other -->

Commit message:

docs: add degoogle because why not

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<!-- # Hello. I'm Josh. -->

# :wave: Welcome

Hey there! I'm Josh, a developer & explorer. I most commonly use Java & TypeScript.

[![Website icon]][Website]
[![Contact icon]][Contact]
[![Archive icon]][Archive]

### 🍪 Buy me a cookie

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/tycrek)

</div>

## :gem: Showcase

- **[Degoogle]** is huge, collaborative list of alternatives to Google products, as well as privacy tips, tricks, and more.
- **[totems.me]** is a small service I built to generate custom Minecraft Totem's of Undying, based off your in-game skin.
- **[ass]** is a ShareX upload server. Hard to explain, but they're popular on Discord.
- **[pagery]** is my custom static site generator. The stack is quite niche but it works great for me.
- **[port.quest]** is pretty simple: a random number generator, specifically for port numbers. Even more specifically, ports in the [registered port range][ports]. It runs with Cloudflare Workers.
- ***And so much more***: See my [pinned repositories below][pins], tab over to my currently active [repositories], or check out my [archive].

## :book: Stats

[![tycrek's GitHub stats]][stats repo]

[![Top Langs]][stats repo]

[![GitHub Streak]][streaks]

## :trophy: Trophies

[![trophies]][trophy repo]

###### Pins

<!---- Links ---->
<!-- Header -->
[Website]: https://jmoore.dev/
[Contact]: https://tycrek.com/
[Archive]: https://github.com/tycrek-archive
[Website icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-EC407A
[Contact icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Contact-D81B60
[Archive icon]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Archive-AD1457
<!-- Showcase -->
[totems.me]: https://totems.me
[ass]: https://github.com/tycrek/ass
[pagery]: https://github.com/tycrek/pagery
[port.quest]: https://port.quest/
[ports]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Registered_port
[repositories]: https://github.com/tycrek?tab=repositories&q=&sort=stargazers
[pins]: #pins
<!-- Stats & trophies -->
[tycrek's GitHub stats]: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tycrek&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&custom_title=tycrek%27s%20GitHub%20Stats
[Top Langs]: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tycrek&langs_count=10&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&card_width=445
[GitHub Streak]: https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=tycrek&theme=dracula&hide_border=true
[streaks]: https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats
[stats repo]: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats
[trophies]: https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=tycrek&theme=dracula&title=Stars,Commit,Issues,Followers,PullRequest,Repositories&margin-w=10&margin-h=10&row=2&column=3&no-frame=true
[trophy repo]: https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy
<!-- Other -->
